How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?

  To write maintainable, readable, and adaptable programs, I think about the purpose of the program I am writing, what options I have to write this program, and how this program can be used in other ways. Good programs are written in a manner that other programmers can look at and understand easily. It was advantageous to work on my CRUD Python module throughout this course as the code I created can be utilized for many different purposes. This CRUD Python module could be used for virtually any program that needs the ability to create, read, update, and delete documents from a MongoDB database.

How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?

  As a computer scientist, one needs to understand the full scope of the program, and understand how computer programming can fix this problem. The requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested involved created a program that has CRUD access to a given Animal Shelter database, and display various characteristics of pets to the user. This is similar to an assignment I had in an SQL class a while back. However, this is different than most projects I have done as most of the projects I've done were not this complex. To meet other client requests, I would pay attention to what they deal with and what options they want to offer to their clients. I would then map out how I can take what they have and give options they want to display.

What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?

Computer scientists use their knowledge to fix an issue with software. There is a plehtora of different software issues one can run into, but the main goal of all computer scientists would be to make the program they have written/working on as efficient as possible. Without computer scientists, companies, such as Grazioso Salvare, would struggle to display information they want to their clients. Howver, with the help of computer scientists, they can get a clear picture of their performance, and give options to their clients that they want to give.
